Add Jenkins 2.387.1 and 2.375.4 (#2695)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/jenkins.md

# releaseCycle 2 catches weekly releases, other are LTS.
# For an LTS :

> # - Its end of support date is the 'x.y.1' release date. Most of the new features backported in LTS

Reviewer: @MarkEWaite, is this new comment better than the old one ?

Author: ```suggestion
# - Its support begins with the 'x.y.1' release date. The `supportDate` value should use that date.  Most of the new features backported in LTS
```

Isn't that date the beginning of support, not the end?

Reviewer: No, it's the end of support date (the naming is confusing). I thought it was OK to "end" the  considering after the 'x.y.1' release most of the changes are fixes.

But looking at https://endoflife.date/jenkins I realize that the `support` fields must be removed, because the `activeSupportColumn` was set to `false` in #2511, so those dates are never displayed.

    latestReleaseDate: 2023-03-14
    releaseDate: 2016-04-20

-   releaseCycle: "2.387"
    lts: true
    support: 2023-03-08
    eol: false
    latest: "2.387.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2023-03-08
    releaseDate: 2023-03-08

-   releaseCycle: "2.375"
    lts: true
    support: 2022-10-25
    eol: false
    latest: "2.375.4"

>     latestReleaseDate: 2023-03-08

Reviewer: This change will be reverted by our automation.

Our automation is using the tag date, not the GitHub release date. It's wrong but, for the time being, this is not possible to manually "force" the date (unless we disable the automation).

Will have to check (not in this PR) if the GitHub releases automation script I wrote for adoptium/temurin could be used here. It could fix the issue.

Author: No problem.  The tag for security releases of Jenkins core are created on a private repository a few days before the actual release.  That allows the release to be staged privately without risking premature disclosure of the vulnerabilities that are being fixed.
